Update offset section in the encoder article (#139)
Severson-Group/docs.amdc.dev: source/getting-started/control-with-amdc/encoder-fb/index.md

#### Step 1: Determine approximate offset

The approximate encoder offset can be found using the following simple procedure without feedback control:

1. Set the `enc_theta_m_offset` to 0 in the control code `task_get_theta_m()`.
2. Eliminate any source of load torque on the shaft.
3. Align the rotor with the phase U winding axis by applying a large current vector at 0 degrees ($I_u = I_0$, $I_v = I_w = -\frac{1}{2} I_0$). This could be accomplished by:
    1) Using a DC power supply, or
    2) Injecting a current command on the d-axis using the AMDC [Signal Injection](/getting-started/user-guide/injection/index.rst) module with `theta_m_enc` fixed to 0.
4. Record the current encoder position and use this as the offset value: `enc_theta_m_offset = encoder_get_position();`.
5. Update the variable `enc_theta_m_offset` to the appropriate value in `task_get_theta_m()`.

#### Step 2: Determine precise offset

> Friction and cogging torque in the motor decrease the accuracy of the estimate in Step 1. The precise offset can be found by fine-tuning the `enc_theta_m_offset` from Step 1 while using closed-loop control to rotate the shaft at significant speed. This can be done as follows:

Reviewer: Let's provide the d-axis voltage expression and have a sentence explaining how the technique works with respect to this (i.e., no loading so $i_q = 0$, we're commanding $i_d=0$, and therefore any voltage observed in the d axis must be due to encoder offset error).

1. Configure the AMDC for closed-loop speed and DQ current control and configure the operating environment to allow for quick edits to `enc_theta_m_offset` and for measuring the d-axis voltage commanded by the current regulator. Consider [adding a custom command](/getting-started/tutorials/vsi/index.md#command-template-c-code) and using [logging](/getting-started/user-guide/logging/index.md) to accomplish this.
2. Command the motor to rotate in steady speed under no load conditions. Use the estimated `enc_theta_m_offset` obtained in Step 1.
3. Determine the value of `enc_theta_m_offset` that results in the d-axis voltage being closest to 0V. Do this by monitoring the d-axis voltage while adjusting `enc_theta_m_offset` gradually until the sign of the d-axis voltage flips.
4. Repeat step 3 at several speeds.
5. For each offset value, average the d-axis voltage values for different speeds and select the offset with the lowest average d-axis voltage.
6. Plot the d-axis voltage with the selected offset against the different rotor speeds. The d-axis voltage should be close to zero for all speeds, if the offset is tuned correctly.

> 7. In-case there is an error in the offset value, a significant speed-dependent voltage will appear on the d-axis voltage. In this case, the user may have to re-measure the encoder offset.

Reviewer: ## Confusion in steps 3 - 7

Steps 3 through 7 are a bit inconsistent (and I think my edits to step 3 may have made this worse... sorry...). 

It sounds like you want the user to sweep `enc_theta_m_offset` over a fixed range at each speed, save the voltage data for each value of `enc_theta_m_offset`, at each speed, and then at the end determine which `enc_theta_m_offset` minimizes everything. However, that isn't really captured in the text of the current steps. 

This also raises a few questions: 
1. how do you know what range of `enc_theta_m_offset` values to use? Maybe at the first speed you do this at you identify the `enc_theta_m_offset` value that produces a zero crossing and then use +-5 of that value and this is the set of `enc_theta_m_offset` values you use at all speeds.
2. At the end, when finding the `enc_theta_m_offset`that minimizes everything, it seems like you really should normalize this by speed, since the error voltage you'll see in the d-axis is proportional to speed: <img width="586" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9ddced61-ebaf-48a6-be27-87b2f0cb58c1" />.
3. Also, while at high speed the signal-to-noise ratio is higher, we should acknowledge that there is likely more torque on the shaft due to bearing friction and windage and so a user should be aware of this and may need to compensate for it (i..e., $i_q \neq 0$)
4. To illustrate this / make it easy, we should provide an example (with data and necessary MATLAB scripts to interpret it all), like we do with [current sensor calibration](https://docs.amdc.dev/getting-started/control-with-amdc/current-sensor-cal/index.html#calibration-method)

## Path forward

### 1. the steps

Okay, having said all of that, you have a choice here:
1. Proceed along the path you are on (explain this procedure of sampling at several speeds, taking a weighted average)
2. As an alternate to collecting an array of $v_d$ values for several `enc_theta_m_offset` values at each speed, you could instead have the user find the `enc_theta_m_offset` value that minimizes $v_d$ at each speed, and then take the average of `enc_theta_m_offset` at the end. This this would be much easier to explain and you wouldn't have to have to think about normalizing your results by speed.
3. Change the procedure to only consider testing at a single speed and briefly tell them that they could further refine their accuracy by repeating this at other speeds and averaging the results.

**I recommend** either option 2 or option 3.

### 2. Add supporting example material

Regardless of the path you go down, let's have you add some example scripts/data and results.

I'd really like to see a plot like this at the end (but only showing 1 machine):
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f7e2fab5-bdf9-42b9-b80e-36d93e8b0462)

Author: Thank you for your feedback Professor @elsevers. I revised the step2 following your second feedback. Plus, I added the plot.

### Finding the offset

The example code shown above makes use of an encoder offset value, `enc_theta_m_offset`. For synchronous machines, this offset is the count value measured by the encoder when the d-axis of the rotor is aligned with the phase U winding axis of the stator. This value typically needs to be found experimentally for each motor/encoder pair because it depends on how the encoder was aligned when it was coupled to the motor's shaft. This section provides a procedure to determine `enc_theta_m_offset`.

#### Step 1: Determine approximate offset

```{image} resources/torque-plot.svg
:alt: Torque Variation with Rotor Angle
:width: 250px
:align: right
```

The approximate encoder offset can be found by taking advantage of the motor having the torque characteristic shown on the right. This depicts shaft torque as the shaft is rotated counter-clockwise and corresponds to [the image at the start of the section](#rotor-position); positive torque is in the counter-clockwise direction.

> The following simple procedure can be used without any feedback control:

Reviewer 2: Here when you are saying the "without any feedback control", does this mean that we need to convey  "without any speed feedback control"? This is because you still need to regulate the current using feedback control if you inject a current command on the d-axis? @elsevers @Daehoon-Sung

Reviewer: Thanks @noguchi-takahiro. I think it is okay as-is because we refer to using a DC supply to control current into the phases.

Reviewer 2: Thank you, but I think the article tells us that we have two approaches to achieve it:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5d94569c-f70a-482f-811e-7b71647ed3dc)

This means that users might use the AMDC's signal injection feature still, so current regulation with feedback control is required.

Also, although this is an optional change, in practice it is not necessary to use the signal injection module. But instead, we can simply set the input angle `theta_m_enc` to 0 and command the DC d-axis current as in normal current regulation, i.e., not use signal injection module.

1. Set the `enc_theta_m_offset` to 0 in the control code `task_get_theta_m()`.
2. Eliminate any source of load torque on the shaft.
3. Power on the AMDC and rotate the rotor manually by one revolution (so that the encoder z-pulse is detected).
4. Align the rotor with the phase U winding axis by applying a large current vector at 0 degrees ($I_u = I_0$, $I_v = I_w = -\frac{1}{2} I_0$). This could be accomplished by:
    1) Using a DC power supply, or
    2) Injecting a current command on the d-axis using the AMDC [Signal Injection](/getting-started/user-guide/injection/index.rst) module with `theta_m_enc` fixed to 0.
5. Record the current encoder position and use this as the offset value: `enc_theta_m_offset = encoder_get_position();`.
6. Update the variable `enc_theta_m_offset` to the appropriate value in `task_get_theta_m()`.

#### Step 2: Determine precise offset

> Friction and cogging torque in the motor decrease the accuracy of the estimate in Step 1. The precise offset can be found by fine-tuning the `enc_theta_m_offset` from Step 1 while using closed-loop control to rotate the shaft at significant speed. The correct offset is determined by observing $\hat{\theta}_e$ using the following $v_d$ equation. 

Reviewer 2: When you say "significant speed" here, I wonder this means that like high-speed? We know the BP4 has spined at 3000 RPM at that time, which  I believe it was not significant speed. I understand that we should do this at the higher speed, but in practice, we sometimes cannot do so. I suggest something like this:

```suggestion
Friction and cogging torque in the motor decrease the accuracy of the estimate in Step 1. The precise offset can be found by fine-tuning the `enc_theta_m_offset` from Step 1 while using closed-loop control to rotate the shaft at  at the highest possible speed. The correct offset is determined by observing $\hat{\theta}_e$ using the following $v_d$ equation. 
```

$$

> v_d = (R + pL) i_d - \hat{\omega}\_e L i_q - \hat{\omega}\_e \lambda\_{\mathrm{pm}} \sin(\tilde{\theta}\_e)

Reviewer 2: This is optional, but do you think the $L$ here could be $L_d$ or $L_q$? I understand that they are same value for the SPM, i.e., non-salient machine.

Author: Thank you. I revised this.

$$

$$
\tilde{\theta}\_e = \theta\_e - \hat{\theta}\_e
$$

When the current commands are set to $i_d = i_q = 0$, the $v_d$ value should be zero if the estimated angle $\hat{\theta}_e$ is accurate. Step 2 describes how to determine the encoder offset by finding the condition where $v_d = 0$.

> 1. Configure the AMDC for closed-loop speed and DQ current control and configure the operating environment to allow for quick edits to `enc_theta_m_offset` and for measuring the d-axis voltage commanded by the current regulator. Consider [adding a custom command](/getting-started/tutorials/vsi/index.md#command-template-c-code) and using [logging](/getting-started/user-guide/logging/index.md) to accomplish this.

Reviewer 2: In these steps, looks like these 1) Step, 2) step, and 3) part are used inconsistently. Please consider to use them consistently.

Author: Hello @noguchi-takahiro. I don't understand this. There are largely two steps and each step has each own procedure.

#### Step 1 
Step 1 explanation
1. 
2. 
3. ...

#### Step 2 
Step 2 explanation
1. 
2. 
3. ...

May I ask what makes you think it is inconsistent?

Reviewer 2: We use Step 1 here, i.e., starting with capital:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/11b750a2-2b14-4f54-bba3-36dcfbe21cd7)

We use step 3 here, i.e., starting with lower case:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8ab4c6e1-3f7b-4caa-8109-6557b82837ea)

Then we use part 4:

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9ab10f74-5fff-4918-a668-3c05ebe72b42)

I wanted to recommend to use them all Step to be consistent.
